# 🚀  Welcome to my SQL Projects! #

This page contains projects that help to showcase my skills in SQL (Structured Query Language). SQL is a programming language that is used to store, maintain, and manipulate information in a database. It can be particularly useful when needing to extract and analyze information in large databases. Companies commonly use SQL as an important tool for data analytics.

For these projects, I chose MySQL as the main relational database management system to demonstrate my knowledge of commands and queries.

Information modeled was either from a database that was public domain on the internet or it was generated by using AI from `mostly.ai`

## Project list ##
1. :pill: **Mock Pharmacy KPI:** This  table can be used to analyze and answer questions such as which insurance takes the longest to reimburse and which insurances usually require prior authorization.
It includes a patient's name, their patient ID, drug name, pain reduction score, success rate, adverse events, their insurance name, if their insurance required prior authorization, if reimbursement was received, reimbursement time, and their start date of service.
2. :apple: **Food Nutritional Value:** This file provides detailed nutritional values for various types of foods and food items. It provides extensive macro and micronutrient details for each food listed.
The purpose of this file is to demonstrate and showcase my skills in SQL to isolate data, analyze, and answer potential questions that a user of this dataset could have. A potential user might be a dietician, doctor, or any other healthcare provider.
